storyboard-1:As a user, I want browse questions. After I open the app, a list of
 all questions is displayed on the screen.

storyboard-2: Then, as a user,I want to view a question and its answers. I click
 the "view" button on the in the text box of that question. A new window of the
 selected question and its answers opens.

storyboard-3: As a user,I want to view the replies to a question or a answer.
 After I click the "view" button on the in the text box of a question, list of 
 question and its' answers is displayed, and a botton to show replies for the
 question and each of the answer is displayed at the bottom of the text boxes of
 the question and the text boxes of all answers. so I click the "Reply List"
 button, and a list of replies appears in a new window.

storyboard-4-1: Now, as a user, I want to ask questions. I click the "Back"
 button on the top-mid of the screen. Then, the list of all questions will
 appear again. Now I find and click the button "Ask A Question" on the top of
 the question list. Then, a toast appears and notice me that "If you want to ask
 a question, please log in first." Hence, I click the "Log In" button on the top
 left corner on the screen. In a new window, I type in my user name and click
 the log in button at the middle of the screen, and click the "Current Question"
 button. Then the main question appears again.

storyboard-4-2: Now, I click the "Ask A Question" button again, and I type in my
 question into the edit text box. Finally, I click the "Submit" button, and my
 new question is updated on the main question list. 

storyboard-5:As a user, after posting my own question, I want to answer other users'
 questions by making an answer. Hence, I find some questions that I want to
 answer and click the "Answer" button on the bottom right corner of the
 question's text box. A new interface appears; in this new interface, I enter my
 answer to the current question in the edit text box at the bottom of the
 screen. After typing in my answer, I click the "Submit" button (on the bottom
 right corner of the screen) to submit my answer. After that, the list of all
 question will appear again. I want to check if my answer has been uploaded, so
 I click the "View" button of that question and I find my answer has been
 posted on the list of answer now.

storyboard-6:I have posted and answered some questions, but I still have lots
 of time. As a user, I decide to reply to questions and answers to clarify things.
 First, I click the "View" button of a question; then, I click the "Reply List"
 button and read through the reply list for the question or answers that I want
 to clarify something. I find a button called "Reply" in each text box and click
 it. A new window rises and I type in my reply in the edit text box and click
 the "Submit" button under it to reply the question or the answers to clarify things.
 After that, the app returns to the previous window. No matter if my devise connects
 to the internet, my replies, questions and answers will be pushed online once
 I get connectivity.

storyboard-7: Suddenly, as an author I find that I need to attach a picture to my
 questions or my answers to complete the description, so I click the "Profile"
 button at the top left corner of the screen. Then click "My Questions", and choose
 one of my question.

 Then a window for editing comes up and I click the
 "Choose picture(s)" button to upload picture(s) from the local directory (or
 from the camera). Finally, I click the "Submit" button to submit the new
 question/answer with my picture, and the app return to the previous window.

storyboard-8: I still have some time to read more questions; However I find that
 there are too many questions, I want to sort questions by if they have
 pictures, or sort questions by date, or some scoring system in ascending or
 descending. I choose one of the 3 sorting methods on the top of the window. A
 moment later, the list is refreshed and sorted by the sorting method i choose.
 Note that, no matter which sorting method I have used, the most upvoted
 question and most upvoted answer are always shown at the top of the list.

storyboard-9:Finally, I find some questions and answers I want to read. I am amazed by the
 interesting questions and answers, hence I click the up arrow on the left side
 of the text box of them to upvote them. Then, the number of voting is updated.
 I also find some boring questions and answers that waste my time, so I click
 the the down arrow below the number of voting to downvote those questions and
 answers.

storyboard-10: Unfortunately, I still can not find some questions or answers
 I want after sorting. Hence, I decide to type in the keywords or question ID
 to search bar to search for the questions or answers I want. A moment later,
 the current list is updated and the most relative search results are listed in
 the list. Note that, if I don't choose any sorting methods, the list will be
 sorted automatically by POST DATE.

storyboard-11: I have find all questions and answers that I read or
 questions and answers that I want to read them when I am not on the internet.
 I click the "Localize" buttons under those questions and answers.
 Then, I click the "Local Questions" button to view my local questions.

storyboard-12: Some of the questions are my favorite, so I
 check the "Favorite" check box in the left side of the text box of those
 question to mark my favorite questions; those question will be automaticly saved,
 hence, they are always available to be read and replied regardless of network
 connectivity.

storyboard-13: At the end of the story, I want to set my user name and my profile
 picture, so I click the "profile" button again, and click "Setting" button.
 Then I click the "Reset User Name"/"Upload Profile Picture" button to open the name-setting window. In
 the window, I type in my new user name on the edit text box at the bottom of
 the screen/I selected and upload a profile picture, and click the "OK" button
 to commit the change in my user name/profile picture.
